This is my first fully independent Java/Spring project. This is a restaurant application that aims to display the restaurant's services and the user to make a reservation for a given day and time, reserve a table and determine how many people will attend. In it I implemented Admin/User, Spring Security, Mail Sender, fetch, validations and annotations, exception handling, model mapping, working with Thymeleaf, intraceptors, scheduling and unit/integration tests. Greater functionality in the project is given to the administrator, he has the right to create administrators from ordinary users and take away this right. In the project, DTOs are used to separate the layers, I also added annotations and validations to protect it from unintentional errors. The first intraceptor I used is to keep statistics of logged in users, who logged into the application and when. The scheduler, on the other hand, clears these statistics every 24 hours. The last two functions are available only to the administrator. The application sends mails upon successful registration and reservation. The second intraceptor is to determine from which point in the world the registration or reservation is made and thus chooses in which language to send the email. There is also a fetch request for writing comments that are available for correction and deletion only by the administrator. For communication between backend and frontend I use dynamic tool Thymeleaf, through it I have limited some of the visualization and I have limited the things that should not be seen by the user. In the project, I have done not a small percentage of code coverage with integration and unit tests.
